>>If it was just someone
with the own eyes,
they could exaggerate.
But this only takes pictures
of what is actually there.
It cannot lie.
>>I don't know what it is.
But it's not something
I've ever filmed before.
I've never filmed
anything like that.
>>There's all sorts of
scientific possibilities
as to what they could be
and what could be happening.
And there's no reason
why the-- it's impossible
that a dimensional rift
of some sort's happening.
>>What we're looking
at is a life form.
From the time they
are moved very fast.
You can see them in a split
of a second, and they're gone.
They are part of, how should I
say, hidden spectrum of life.
Which is existing partly
physically, partly etherically.
>>Now ancient cultures had names
for other dimensional lives
such as fairies,
angels, pixies, divas.
When you say a
biological organism,
would you say that it's falling
into this type of category?
>>Yes, definitely.
Definitely.
>>Something just flashed
past you Isabelle.
It was so fast.
I'm not sure what it was,
but I saw it definitely.
And I think I got it
on the video and--
>>When we were on the
beach last night, and--
>>Tim, you got a shot.
>>Yeah.
Yeah, it looked like it.
Yeah, we were just-- we
were doing this session
with Isabelle, and making
all these pictures in a row
while she was throwing--
throwing the apple in the air.
And all of a sudden, like, in
between these different photos,
there was this one
photo which popped out.
This little-- you could
see like a yellowish orb.
In front of her, a
tree on the background.
So it was-- yeah.
Yeah, it was pretty
strange, actually.
>>And in the video
of Isabelle, we
saw another one, another light.
And the video showed the
flash of it, All the lines,
those spikes coming out of it.
>>Yeah.
Yeah, it was a very
strange object.
Not anything I've
ever seen before.
It's not my area of
expertise, but it's still
not something you can
easily explain, I think.
>>Maybe it's just
my energy floating
around me, just not in my body.
But just going out of my body.
>>I just saw something
with my eye then.
>>Going out of my body
without me knowing it.
Sure.
>>That light's flashing
around you, and what's next?
>>I think like an enormous
UFO coming to get me,
to get me to another
planet maybe.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Yeah, Mark just
aimed at the sky,
and took a shot
with this camera.
And lo and behold, there
was an image on there.
It was definitely a
disk of some kind.
I mean, we're looking
at this thing,
thinking, hang on a second.
This is taking a
picture of something
that yet your naked
eye looks in the sky,
and there's nothing there.
So in total disbelief,
you know, we
had to get our jaws
off the ground.
We then you know, decided OK,
let's take another picture.
But he said, this time you take
the camera, and take a shot.
So I did.
And lo and behold, there
was another object.
It was a bit different
than the other one,
but it had a bit of a
gullwing sort of shape.
And it was actually
on an angle like this.
And, we were just bamboozled.
It even had a glow to it.
And cameras don't lie.
They only take pictures
of what's actually there.
So it made us realize what
if there is a presence here
that we don't know about that's
actually cloaking itself,
watching us, just being totally
discrete and out of the way.
>>I hope they're not like evil
aliens coming to attack me.
So they rather-- I'd
rather like to see
that they're nice little
creatures than like,
mean angry aliens.
So I hope they're like-- well
they have a positive energy.
>>This film is
about photographing
these mysterious life forms
which appear around our bodies.
Which we only shoot at
dusk, just about this time,
just after sunset, from the
beaches north of Bryant Bay
in Australia's northeast coast.
The lights appear
in strange places,
like inside the car as
we're going on a film shoot
to try to capture them.
And it's strange times.
Like, when we are
talking about them
and interviewing people about
their experiences with them.
>>This camera to
capture the raw image
in three-dimensional form.
And as I'm looking at it
now, and actually scrolling
through a couple of images.
>>I've been filming since 1979.
I've been all over the world.
I've never filmed
anything like that.
>>What are the
conventional possibilities?
>>Well, the only thing that I
can think of that it could be
would be an insect of some kind.
And it's very, very fast.
>>Faster than insect?
>>Turbo charged insect!
Going the wrong way too.
Look, it's going straight down.
Unexplainable.
I don't know what it is.
Very, very fast.
It's very odd that it happens
during your interviews.
>>Scientists like
astrophysicist Dr.
Massimo Teodorani related the
life forms that we've been
capturing on film have similar
characteristics to the plasma
type phenomena he and
others have been researching
in the Hessdalen Valley in
Norway since the 1980's.
In Hessdalen, the
anomalous lights
appear floating in the night
sky above mountain streams
and forest parks.
The lights we have
been capturing
on Australia's
northeast coast often
appear to be directly
interactive and in very
close proximity.
Does this bio-interaction
suggest a sentient presence?
Are we photographing
and interacting
with a type of non
physical intelligence
not known to modern science?
If so, why are they here?
>>There were these lights
which was quite amazing.
>>Do you think after viewing
the images and video that
were taken at the same time,
that we may have captured
an intelligence that is beyond
conventional understanding?
>>Yeah.
I mean-- I mean there's
every possibility, I think.
I mean, it's very possible.
I mean, what other
explanation could there be?
I mean, there's no
trickery with the camera.
And there's no you know,
sort of slight of hand.
So I mean, you have
to think that there's
going to be some sort of
explanation like that.
Um, I think people would be
fairly close minded if they
thought that we were the only
intelligence in the universe.
>>The first time when
I arrived in Byron Bay,
I was thinking this
city was very special
and I really felt
a special energy.
And, yeah, after I met
Mark, this producer,
I went with him to take picture.
And the light appear around me.
I think they are
really intelligent
and they come from somewhere
very special place.
I don't think in France.
Or maybe in France, I could
see this kind of light.
I'm not sure.
But I think it's
because this place is
really natural and spiritual
and there is so much energy.
Some of you will
see this movie we've
seen that it's impossible to
see this kind of light on Earth.
But I believe it's
possible because I saw it.
Yes I was just reading
a book on the beach,
and so very focused on the book.
Was Ayurvedic book.
So very natural and
healthy book I think.
And I saw around book light,
who just do like that.
Left, right, left, right.
Turn on, turn.
With all, like, this form.
Yes, turn with energy.
Into the light,
like, other light...
very, very strange.
I don't know what was that.
>>We came to the beach here
just north of Byron Bay at dusk
and we filmed.
And we captured more lights
with her on that first shoot
than with anyone previously.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
And the lights we
captured around her
they had distinct
characteristics, geometry,
shape.
Really unique and putting
them in the category
of this unexplained phenomena.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Here we are with Mathilde
with her passion.
You can try and nothing happens.
And you think, oh it's so silly.
Nothing's happening.
It's not going to work.
It's just a fantasy.
And then suddenly
an image appears.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>We danced to the rhythm
of the Earth and sky.
And they come.
The lights come.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It was like a revelation for me.
Because I believe
they are intelligence
from natural world,
but not from this one.
Maybe ancient cultures saw them
also and they danced together.
>>Another shoot, we
captured this light down
into Mathilde's right.
And had this unique
geometry, it's
like composed of
these segmented forms.
Two shapes to the right of
the central orange form.
>>After shooting, I
look at my picture.
This light on my life
looking like a butterfly
from the future.
In the same day, we capture
two different but similar life
forms around me.
One near to my head, two
others close next to my legs.
I was surprised about those
two forms very close to me.
Trying to find a
kind of explanation,
I believe planet and
astrology and other knowledge
from India like history
about old civilization life.
Got a very strong
link with the light.
And I think naturally sense
can come into human chakra,
evolving soul and permit
it to see the light.
>>And if we look at the raw
unprocessed files straight out
of the camera, the
earlier shots taken
show the blue sphere
apparently traversing across
towards Mathilde, and then down
and to her right near her leg.
The later shots taken show
Mathilde raising her arms
in the air to a curved u-shape.
The next image taken, as
Mathilde half closes her eyes,
shows the unexplained
light energy form.
In the same shape as
her curved raised arms.
Scientists studying the
luminous light phenomenon
in the Hessdalen
Valley in Norway
report that after firing
lasers towards the lights
that light pulses
would be returned.
Could a similar
intelligent interaction
be happening between
Mathilde and the lights?
Mimicking her body
positions, and perhaps
communicating with her through
some kind of symbolic language.
>>It's something that I
haven't really seen before.
And based on the close up shots,
honestly I cannot come up with
anything that would explain it.
Yup.
Absolutely.
Definitely I think--
definitely it
hasn't been manipulated simply
because it's a raw file.
The fact that it's
a raw file, it's
simply not possible to
edit it and be a raw file.
And for that reason, raw
files are the only things
that are submitted in court
for forensic evidence.
They cannot be adjusted.
If it's adjusted in any way,
it ceases to become a raw,
and it becomes a JPEG or a TIFF.
>>It's not possible if
it's lens flare simply
because it wouldn't
turn up looking
the same on both cameras.
>>So is there any conventional
photographic explanation?
>>This doesn't have the
characteristics of lens blur
doesn't look anything like it.
In regards to dust on the
sensor, dust on the sensor
would turn up in every image.
It wouldn't have just
been one or two images.
Showing up like
this, it certainly
wouldn't be in both cameras.
In regards to dust on
the lens, it would not
turn up looking like that.
>>And of course it wouldn't
be in both still and video
as well?
>>Exactly.
It just simply wouldn't
be on both images
because it can only
be on one camera.
The only way it can be
there if it isn't actually
there, something has
to be there to turn up
on two different
cameras look the same.
And what it is is something
that's open to you know,
definition and explanation.
>>My dad's a chiropractor.
And he works with
principles of Ayurveda,
ancient Indian medicine,
and philosophy.
I know that from
Ayurveda, the teachings
indicate that there are
other dimensions, possibly
other beings than human.
I guess that every time we
capture one of these lights
confirms my dad's views
that everything is energy,
that there may be something
more beyond the physical body.
And I'm open to that too.
My dad's a surfer.
Loves nature and capturing
these frequencies.
I've been reading about
the scientific research
from Norway, where the
scientists who Mark have been
writing to and
sending the images to,
are conducting field studies
with equipment, radar,
and so on.
>>The anomalous phenomenon
occur very often
in some specific areas of Earth.
There is area of Earth which
can be considered a laboratory.
So the phenomenon is there.
And we can expect to
observe very often.
And so we can apply just
there our instrumentation.
>>I've been reading
a research paper
by Dr. Teodorani
which Mark gave to me,
about the Norwegian lights which
appear similar to the Byron
lights.
So it seems that there's a
lot of research that has been
going on about this phenomena.
>>Energy he is a
very important thing
which we can bring
for our necessities.
So if we understand
the physics which
is based on this
phenomenon, then we
can try to reproduce in a
laboratory this physics,
and probably make a
sort of revolution
in the energetic
system of humanity.
>>We went down to beach
at dusk for a shoot,
and we put fruit on the sand
and started taking photographs.
And at first, nothing happened.
Then I started
throwing up the ball
as if I was serving
a tennis ball.
And sure enough,
in the photographs,
there was lights in
between me and the camera.
>>The Byron Bay phenomenon
is very, very important.
Because with only
simple videos, it's
possible to make a good science.
Regarding conventional objects
from the nature point of view,
there is no possible
reference to what
we're seeing in
Hessdalen or in Byron Bay
or in other places in the world.
>>That was the beginning.
And now, whenever
we go to shoot,
we always bring apples
and throw them up.
Kind of a strange thing,
but it seems to work.
>>Tom's accidental throwing
tennis ball capturing life form
discovery may have an actual
physiological subtle energetic
basis.
I sent Dr. Massino
Teodorani the video
of Tom with the luminous
high velocity form taken
at the beach north of Byron.
Dr. Teodorani
replied in an e-mail
that the phenomenon may be a
sort of plasma like life form.
And that as plasmas are
highly quantum coherent forms,
this might give rise to
consciousness and intelligence,
including interaction
with our brains,
which are in their turn, quantum
coherence structures given
by microtubule entanglement.
The muscle that controls
upward eye movement,
as in throwing up a
tennis ball or apple,
is the inferior oblique.
This muscle receives
its nerve innervation
from the third cranial
nerve, the ocular motor
nerve, whose nucleus is in the
midbrain, part of the brain
stem.
The brain stem is associated
with maintaining consciousness.
Perhaps Dr. Teodorani's theory
about intelligent plasma
lifeforms interacting with
our brains was correct.
And that by continual activation
of the cranial mid-brain
nucleus, through
repeatedly looking upward,
catching a tennis
ball or apple, a kind
of brain chemistry
subtle energetic
pathway was
established, leading to
enhanced subtle communications.
Similar, perhaps, to the
meditative alpha brain wave
state experienced in meditation
and in repetitive activity,
including surfing, where
the outer mind is quiet
and the mind becomes more
receptive to inner, higher self
influence.
All theories aside,
as Tom said, crazy
as it may be, looking upwards
as we threw apples or tennis
balls to the sky,
did seem to work,
as we captured more and more
of the mysterious light forms
on the stills and video clips.
>>Later that month,
in October 2007,
I invited documentary
filmmaker and cinemetographer,
David Warth, to come and
film with me at dusk.
David Warth is a multi
award winning producer
whose wildlife films regularly
appear on Australia's ABC
television network.
As it turned out, none of
us would have long to wait.
Within a minute, the first video
and still capture was recorded.
The high res 12 megapixel
still images taken by David
simultaneously as a video
showed beautiful rainbow colors,
ethereal forms.
Another still image showed
a large spherical shape
over my right foot with
another much smaller rainbow
sphere a meter or
two away on the sand.
The sphere above my
foot did not have
the concentric internal
shapes commonly seen
with what's become
known as orbs, which
Dr. Teodorani believed to be
out of focus dust particles
or water droplets.
Although many have
confused these
with real unexplained
phenomenon.
One of the forms, captured
only a few inches away
from the apple I
was throwing, looked
like a pastel,
rainbow colored dove
made of some unknown and
smooth, shiny matter.
The most intriguing
image captured by David
as I tossed my apple high
into the late afternoon sky
was of a small shape
inches from my face
which cast a distinct
shadow just near my mouth
on the right side.
Light does not cast shadows.
Did this image confirm that
these light phenomena were not
life forms at all,
but actually solid,
three dimensional objects?
Dr. Teodorani had written
about an object which
appeared to be three
dimensional and also made
of what he described as a
shiny alabaster like substance.
>>By studying videos and
from the high resolution
photographs or so, the
luminosity distribution
is not typical of
the plasma which
should be Gaussian and
exponential in the wings
of this plot, which is a three
dimensional plot, which we use
to try to study how the
luminosity is distributed
on the light surface.
We noticed that it
doesn't resemble
at all a normal plasma,
like an star would be.
The light distribution
is very steep.
And it is typical of a uniformly
illuminated solid body.
>>After the successful
shoot with David Warth,
I felt that the journey into
the unknown was just beginning.
I contacted two friends, Byron
Bay jeweler Jacob Bravenboer,
and Peter Murphy.
With his long flowing
beard, Peter himself
looked like a wizened
visitor from a hidden realm.
While Jacob, melting gold
and silver at his anvil,
always reminded me of an elvish
Middle Kingdom craftsman.
>>Since Mark showed
me the pictures
he'd been taking of some
phenomena that were showing up
as little lights on the film
at the beach and in the forest,
I decided to have a go with
my own little digital camera.
And see what was
in our back yard.
On our very first go, I got
some amazing images of long,
almost like a
fluorescent rug type
light that would appear
in several frames, three
consecutive frames.
And almost looked like it had
some strange sort of propulsion
device at the end of it once
you blow the picture up.
Since then, we've got some thin
rods coming down vertically
and at 45 degrees.
And lots of round lights.
And has sort of
learned to see them
without having to use the
camera at times, and since then.
So, the spot in my little back
yard and the Arakwal National
park became a spot of
interest for both of us.
They're definitely nice
friendly, fairy-like feeling
creatures.
I'd rather have
them there than not.
The little lights feel like
they have a life of their own.
There's all sorts of
scientific possibilities
as to what they could be
and what could be happening.
And there's no reason
why it's impossible
that a dimensional rift
of some sort is happening.
I think that what we
call the fourth dimension
is basically an interface
between incarnate beings
and non incarnate beings.
And that you can see the
bits of the interface
show up sometimes.
Maybe that's what
their little lights,
orbs if you want to call
them, or that could be called
portals.
They could be little
mini spaceships.
They could be little micro
creatures from either here
or another planet.
They could be-- I think
that life thrives absolutely
everywhere.
It's pretty obvious about that
in the most extreme conditions.
So I certainly don't
limit life to having
it be relying on water or oxygen
or any of those basic things.
And it just adds to the
wonder and marvel and beauty
of the uni verse.
>>What were your feelings
when you looked at the images
after we shot the
shoot and there's
these lights near your head
and flashing around you?
>>How did Mark put
that on the film?
[LAUGHS]
>>You got the technology.
>>Well give me the technology.
>>OK.
We're ready.
>>For about half an hour, I
threw that apple up in the air.
Mark took video footage
as well as stills.
>>I sent the footage
to the scientist...
to my friend Masinno
the scientist in Italy.
And he wrote back and said,
definitely not insects.
Micro luminescence.
Intelligent plasma.
>>They're everywhere.
They're everywhere right now.
But they're small.
If we could just get
a massive huge one.
>>We went back and
sat in the car.
And we went back
through the stills
that he took and
rewound the footage.
Those lights appeared
around my head.
I don't know where
they came from.
There was nobody
there with torches
or any lightening effects.
So all of a sudden, that
stuff was just there.
The communication about
them is that they're
intelligent plasma.
[LAUGHS] I can honestly
say that I've never
been with an intelligent
plasma to my knowledge.
Mini universes, bubbling
inside, creating God knows what.
Havoc.
Here I am, sitting
on the outside,
truly wondering whether it's
I who bring all this about.
Or whether there's
some peculiar reasons,
it's just chemical interaction
that creates function.
Maybe those lifeforms are
just part of their function.
I don't know.
[LAUGHS] Methinks, when you're
feeling low and insignificant,
how amazing and
unlikely is your birth.
And as , Monty Python says,
let's hope there's intelligent
life somewhere out in space,
cause it's bugger all down here
on Earth.
>>Mark and I were taking
photos and videos on the beach.
I was wearing this red
dress with all these circles
and the symbols all over it.
And when we looked at the
photographs afterwards,
there was all these strange,
greenish, yellow shapes
around my body.
And it was so strange cause
there was nothing on the beach.
Just like it is now.
Mark was shooting with a
still camera at the same time,
and there were no
filters or attachments.
We were looking at the
images the next day.
I was wearing this red dress.
Then Mark looked at the
circles and the symbols
on my red dress, and then
at the images in the photos
with all these
circles around me.
And we realized they
were so similar.
So then, he had
this inspiration.
Mark told me about
the other shoots
where these unusual
small objects
to be photographed that were
very similar to the movements
of the people.
Mark had this idea
of me wearing a shirt
with distinct different
shapes, and to shoot again
to see if shapes
like on the shirt
might appear in the photos.
We used bright, fluorescent
colors for shapes
as the light energy seemed
to be attracted by them.
Mark drew this triangle
shape with the circle inside.
And I had the idea of two
more connected triangles.
Perfect.
Well I followed Mark up
the trail to the beach.
And he stopped here and pointed
his camera into the forest,
and took a couple of pictures.
As you can see, there's
no lights or anything.
When we looked at
the photos later,
there was this amazing
image of this thing being
with eyes, arms, torso, legs.
And these triangles.
For the beach shoot,
I wore the shirt
with the triangles
painted on it.
The filming didn't start too
well because I actually lost
the apple on the first throw.
And that wasn't great,
because we had no more apples.
It was really blowy and stormy,
and without any apple to throw,
we could've easily given up.
But I persevered.
And I found a rock instead.
It paid off hugely as some
of the most amazing captures
on this journey were
about to happen.
The first video
sequence captured
a light that moved around
me at super velocity
in an arc trajectory.
There were other similar
lights captured too.
And when we looked at the
shots, this huge, enormous globe
of light interconnected
triangles,
and circles appeared in the
most beautiful shapes and forms
and I don't see and I've
never seen anything like it
in my life.
And it's just so beautiful.
The colors in the
fluorescent lifeform
were just the same as what
we painted on the shirt.
It was just amazing.
The video that was shot at the
same time as the still photos
showed these two forms that
appeared inches away from me.
One looked to me like
an angel with wings,
and the other one was
an inverted triangle
with multiple
spheres inside of it.
They both had
distinctive shapes,
and were both evanescent.
Vanishing, and with two what
may be the same all similar
forms reappearing out of nothing
a fraction of a second later.
My feelings about
this is that when
you hold a thought or
an object in your mind,
these energies can
read your mind.
And because they're friendly
and very intelligent,
and because we wanted to
have a reflection of what
was on the t-shirt, that's
exactly what happened.
I feel like they
are a part of God,
and that you can
communicate with them,
but on a telepathic level.
I believe that they are
friendly, and very very
powerful.
But we don't really understand
a lot about them as yet.
But we really need to
learn more about them.
And they can help us
hugely in the future.
>>On a surf ship to Burleigh
Heads on Australia's Gold
Coast, an hour north
of Byron in 2007,
while walking through the
forest above the surf,
I accidentally captured a
bluish purplish light form.
Could it be possible
that Burleigh Heads,
like Byron Bay and
Hessdalen in Norway,
was also a haven for mysterious
unexplained light phenomena?
Burleigh Heads is where I set
up my first chiropractic clinic
after graduating from
chiropractic college in the US.
I grew up in the palm tree
lined white sand beaches
of Cocoa Beach, Florida,
just south of Cape Canaveral
where the first space
shuttle blasted off in 1981.
I surfed the same Cocoa Beach
surf breaks as the modern day
surfing's goodwill ambassador.
And winningest ever pro
surfer, Kelly Slater,
who like me, went to
Cocoa Beach High School.
Although Florida surf
can be good at times,
surfing the crystal
tubing caverns,
Burleigh is renowned
for worldwide,
it was like a surfing
nirvana for me.
And whenever I
wasn't floating along
those winding tunnels on my
6' 6" channel bottom board,
I was taking photos
from the water or land.
I did a lot of
freelance photography
for different magazines
and publications.
One of my Burleigh shots made
it as a double page spread
on Surfer Magazine.
The feeling of being
enveloped by a tubular energy
vortex at Burleigh would
create a euphoric out
of body sensation that
would stay with me for days.
It could give you something
more than physical
happening when a surfer
rides inside the hollows
of a breaking wave.
When the wind is offshore,
and the swell was lined up
to the horizon,
the random energy,
which is so often what we see in
the ocean, has become in phase,
it's in line like a laser.
And so you have these
powerful bands of energy.
If you bounce light through
a chamber back and forth
many, many times, that light
becomes coherent light.
It becomes in phase, like
waves lining up on a beach
to the horizon.
And you create of course
this very powerful energy,
this laser, which can
do incredible things.
If one splits that laser beam
into two, an elimination beam
and a reference beam,
the interference pattern
created when the
two beams intersect
creates a pattern which is
imprinted on a recording
medium, creating a hologram.
gram You take a
tiny little piece
of that holographic image,
and you expand it up
and it has the same
information as the original.
The interference pattern,
it's like an encoded version
of the original scene
that one is photographing.
And this encoded version
requires a key to unlock it.
And that key is the
original light source.
What is reality, really?
The holistic viewpoint
is that the human
itself is holographic and
has vital energy centers
known as the chakras,
vortices of energy
from which the vital inner
essence is expressed through.
And that these holographic
forces can be enhanced
or dampened in different ways,
especially through technology
that we use.
I like to think of these super
high velocity light energy
forms that I and others
are capturing on film
has surface of the ether.
My Burleigh experiences
led to my lifelong focus
on the study of what's
known as subtle energies,
described by Dr. William
Tiller of Stanford University
as all those energies
existing in the universe
beyond the four known to
and accepted by present day
science.
I love the Burleigh
rainforest, and would often
go for runs under the
tall green canopy out
of the hot Queensland
sun with my camera,
taking photos of forest
animals and the surf
from above the headland.
I don't think I could have ever
imagined that 20 years later, I
would be in the same
forest on a very
different photographic
journey with a camera that
had a digital sensor
instead of film.
And in the case of
the Sigma DP2 camera,
a unique three layered
silicone foveon sensor,
similar to the three layer
emulsion used in film cameras,
providing digital images
free of digital artifacts,
and with very high detail
and color rendition,
similar to 35 mil slide film.
All physical life on Earth as
we know it is carbon based,
and it has properties
that scientists associate
with the element carbon.
Scientists have been theorizing
about extraterrestrial life
being non carbon based with
very different traits to what we
normally think of as life.
In 2007, the US National
Research Council
published a paper recommending
that scientists search
for non carbon based life forms.
The report emphasized
that no discovery
we can make in our exploration
of the solar system
would have greater impact
on our view of our position
in the cosmos or be more
inspiring than the discovery
of an alien life form.
We may have come across a first
this morning here in Burleigh.
It's full daylight, about
8:00 in the morning.
It's almost dark in light.
That's when I've been capturing
images of the life forms.
But this morning, I think
I may captured a life
form in full daylight.
Real first.
Right above that rock there.
I clambered up.
So I'm going to do again now.
Clamber up here with the
camera and take the same shot
with the same angle.
And see if there's
anything luminous that's
visible that could explain
what we just captured here.
The Burleigh light forms
captured on video and still,
and on occasion, seen
with the naked eye
definitely had a
character of their own
with distinct
coloration and form.
To me, they seem bolder
than the Byron lights,
appearing not for
just a brief flash,
but as continuous streaks.
Like this one, I photographed
at night with an LED torch
in front of himself very
confident Burleigh possum.
And in this full
daylight Burleigh capture
in the bowl of an enormous
and ancient fig tree,
the light forms
weren't even flashing
at high velocity in and out
of the visible spectrum.
They were just sitting
there without moving
as I photographed them
on video and still.
Stills were taken with the
Sigma DP2 set to burst capture
at two frames a second.
So no flash could be
used, confirming again
that these light forms
were emanating light.
Examining the different
photos and video
stills of the Burleigh
light phenomenon
showed very similar
fuchsia, pink,
and teal blue green
colorations, as well as
elongated flattened shapes.
The images seemed to
show the same object
or family of objects.
Could these light forms really
represent a newly discovered
form of life, in
this stage anyway?
One only theorized
by modern science?
I wanted further confirmation of
the intelligent plasma theory.
And when I attended a packed
lecture by researcher Pane
Andov in early 2011,
I asked him if he
would be willing to give his
evaluation of the new material.
Pane, born in Macedonia,
is an ex computer scientist
who has become
internationally recognized
for his work in the field
of esoteric science.
He is in demand as a speaker
at international conferences.
And his lectures on subjects
ranging from ancient prehistory
civilizations, and
extraterrestrial Earth
influences, to remote viewing,
telepathy and meditation
have intrigued and informed
thousands worldwide.
I met with Pane Andov
on the Gold Coast one
late afternoon in early 2011
only minutes from where I
had filmed the Burleigh lights.
That you also have been
seeing and photographing
unexplained light phenomenon.
>>Yes, that's correct.
Look, you have
impressive footage there.
And what we're looking
at is a life form.
And it's producing
light on its own.
As you can see,
sometimes they're
flashing sometimes
just static light.
But most of the time
they're moving very fast.
Sometimes they can move
in the right angles.
You can see them in a split
of a second and they're gone.
They can move inside the
rock and could get out
from the other side.
Sometimes, we even
record them how
they are moving through walls--
>>Through walls?
>>And apartments, buildings.
They are part of-- how should I
say-- hidden spectrum of life.
Which is existing partly
physically, partly etherically.
>>Now, ancient
cultures had names
for other dimensional life,
such as fairies, angels, pixies,
divas.
When you say a
biological organism,
would you say that it's falling
into this type of category?
>>Yes, definitely.
Definitely.
Because it's obvious
that inside the forests,
there are plenty
of life that is not
recognizable from us-- for us,
because we have limitations.
Five senses limitation.
We cannot perceive it, you know?
Maybe not in the blink
of an eye or something
like that, you know?
But it's very simple.
If you look at the sky,
there's nothing there.
No object, no extraterrestrial
activity, no rods activity,
if you do.
But if you introduced
technology,
you put infrared
cameras and night vision
and similar technologies.
And you would start
to realize, you
start to see
activities that are not
visible on the visible spectrum.
>>This is a book called
"The Cosmic Pulse of Life."
It was written by a
man, Trevor Constable,
an American researcher.
>>And I respect his
work very, very much.
>>Saying exactly
what you're saying,
is that the UFO is not something
that necessarily just appears
in our physical world
as an unusual object.
It's more that
something, as you just
described that's interacting
with us all the time.
It's just that most of the
time, we can't pick it up
with our senses.
>>I will tell you just this,
when they launch exit space
shuttles, they installed
very sensitive equipments.
>>We see two rings right there.
They're the ones we kinda
had the late tally ho on.
The one down at the
bottom was the one
we were able to pick up.
>>Equipment was able to pick
up the infrared spectra.
>>We do have an
unidentified flying object.
>>And when the infrared
spectra was running,
scan actually in infrared they
found those huge bolt of light
moving in front of the camera.
And there was nothing
visible from the window,
the visible spectrum.
But those living creatures
that he's describing actually,
they're real, and they're just
living in different dimension.
They penetrate, they
materialize from time to time.
They're visible here.
But most of the time, they
are on different dimension,
on different frequency.
>>In our culture, such
concepts are usually
considered as science fiction.
>>And my perspective
is that we are actually
infinite consciousness.
And that infinite
consciousness escape
will have moved to
dimensional presence.
So, not just that escape will
move to dimensional present,
but also possesses different
subtle bodies, if you will,
that have different density and
different speed of vibration.
Aerial though subtle
bodies actually
measures the density and
the speed of vibration
of every dimension.
So when a person experience
out of the body experience
or near-death experience, his
or her senses actually increase.
And they're able
to see things that
are on the invisible
spectrum, you know?
And they start to
see those phenomenas
that you have recorded, right?
And you start to see
extraterrestrial presence there
and you start to see
complete different life
forms if you will, right?
So, even when we go
to sleep every night,
because without food,
without liquid, we
can sustain for a while,
let's say 15 to 20 days.
But without sleep, we are
dead actually physically,
biologically after
three or four days,
because we need the energy
that our consciousness actually
generating through us, so
body won't actually-- we
are experiencing
the sleeping time.
When that is on the run, we're
already in that dimension
where all those phenomena
that you are speaking about
are happening.
And you can see it in
case you are trained
to wake up inside the dream.
Break the dream
program, if you will,
and gain complete control
of the astral body.
>>Soon after my talk with
Pane, on March 11, 2011,
a 9.0 earthquake struck the
Northeast coast of Japan.
The massive earthquake
triggered a tsunami which
caused widespread devastation.
The earthquake and
tsunami shut down
five nuclear reactors
at Fukushima,
leaving nuclear
fuel rods exposed.
>>Eight hours away from a
Chernobyl type scenario.
Temperatures in the reactors
are said to be soaring.
>>Footage of the tsunami
showed light spheres
moving at high velocity,
similar to the videos captured
at Hessdalen in Norway,
and at Byron Bay.
If other dimensions do exist,
as modern physics theorizes,
and if intelligent life is a
possibility in parallel worlds,
as plasma theorists relate,
could events such as a nuclear
meltdown or melt through, as
happened in Fukushima on Earth,
affect these hidden realms
and their inhabitants?
>>And when we're dealing
with cesium, which is also
released from nuclear
reactors, we're
talking about needing 300
years for that all to go away,
>>And now, radioactive
isotopes are already
leaking into the sea?
>>If we have to have
a radioactive release,
the best place for
it is in the sea,
because it's
immediately diluted out.
And that offers the greatest
protection to the population.
And it will find its
way into the food chain,
and so forth and so on.
But I think that if a
growth reminder issue.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Beautiful the surf
and the glassy crystal
waters off of Byron Bay.
And Australia's east coast,
March 2011 this morning.
And as always, just to be
in the ocean environment's
so inspiring and rejuvenating.
I know that there are
other dimensions that
exist in the ocean
environment, I
believe inhabited by beings
that we don't normally can't
see with our senses.
And when I heard that news
report that radio nucleides are
being released into
the ocean, currents
would undoubtedly carry
these particles of radiation
across the entire globe.
And that the half life of
caesium, one of the elements
released, is 300 years.
The generations to come
beyond our own, which
are going to be affected by what
has been put in the ocean here.
Fine for a surfer to pass
here in the afternoon.
When I came up out
of the water, I
saw Mathilde waiting
for me on the sand.
So I went up to her and said hi.
Up ahead, I saw this object.
It was about a foot in width.
And it was arc shaped
It was only there
for a second, or maybe a
flash, and then it was gone.
But I definitely saw it.
The lights appear
at strange times,
like when we were
talking about them.
It was like this arc shape
with a central darker color,
and the outer
surface was lighter.
It reminded me of the
three dimensional images
that we've captured
in this area at dusk
by accident or by purpose, but
not actually seen with the eye.
On the way back from the
surface, up to the vantage
point high above Byron
where we filmed the lights
so many times.
And I remembered, I just had it
in my mind that image of that
three dimensional form
with the red and green oval
shapes on the side
of that curve,
and the y shape
attached from the end.
That image that intrigued
me more than any other image
that I've ever
captured in my life.
Well when I looked
at this few stills
that I took cause it was almost
dark, I only got 10 shots off.
When I looked at
one of them, there
were these two orange
joined circles.
I know the lens
blur only happens
when you have a bright
light source, like you're
shooting into the sun.
It's almost dark,
the sun had set.
So this was a really
unusual image.
And then I looked carefully
at this other shot
that I had taken.
This one, to my right.
I thought, at first, that
it could be an insect
and it was small.
But then when I
looked more closely,
I could see it had distinct
geometries in form and shape.
And it had the same ruby red
and emerald green oval shapes
on the side of it, and
even a third emerald shape
on another corner of it.
There's no question
in my mind that it
was either the same object
of the same family of objects
as that incredible
capture on video
and still from the
same spot a year ago.
>>It doesn't resemble
at all a normal plasma
like a star would be.
The light distribution
is very steep.
And it is typical of a uniformly
illuminated solid body.
>>To me, it looks like a
key to some magical kingdom,
or to unlocking the
secrets of a lost science.
Perhaps tapping into the
ether, the bioresin energy.
>>Investigated in the modern
day as zero point and Vril.
Vril, based on the 19th century
novel by Edward Bulwer-Lytton,
described as the
all-prevailing latent
energy utilized by the
pre-Deluvian Atlantian
civilization.
And that the understanding
of these forms
could, as Dr. Teodorani and
the other Hessdalen scientists
relate, bring freedom from
dependence on fossil fuel,
as well as from worldwide
nuclear cataclysm.
And perhaps just
as more imporantly,
a way to solve an
interaction with what
may be intelligence from outside
of our dimensional sphere.
Could trigger the quantum
consciousness jump,
ushering in a new era if
the truly Eutopian vision.
>>If we would be
able to control it,
then it would be very
fascinating and very nice.
[MUSIC PLAYING]